New Feature Ideas:

These two features need to use the detailed payments file for the features:
Add a logodds feature for the clean_title that predicts whether the borrower will have a late payment in the next 12 months.  This should be correlated with default risk, but more robust, since it happens more often.

Add another logodds feature for the clean_title that predicts whether the borrower will make a partial pre-payment in the next 12 months.  This should be negatively correlated with default risk.  Note the pctlo feature only predicts a full prepayment in 12 months, so doesn't need to payments file to do this.

For the secondary market:
Add a feature that estimates the log odds, by clean_title, that the borrower will default given a payment is late; are there some titles that pay late a lot but rarely default?  Or are the two metrics correlated the same amount regardless of conditioning on clean_title?


#TODO: modify calc_irr to use the rev_util version of prepayment curves, and adjust the curves
# by hinge tilting them from month 20 & 30 for 3-year and 5-year loans, resp, to match the prepay model result.

Previous Results:
Add median income from census bureau -- minor influence

Add difference between borrower income and median income -- borrower income % median income is a good feature.

Add House Price Appreciation 1yr, 5yr, decline from max.
 - 1year hpa seems to have the cleanest relationship to default on the entire dataset,
   but hpa is so skewed in the dataset that most of the positive hpa4q>0 items are from 
   newly issued bonds, so the trees are over-interpreting that as low default risk.  Look 
   to add the feature when we have more data.

Look at the rejected loans file on lending club, and see what can be added.  
 - percentage of loans within as zip3 code that are rejected - this doesn't
   seem to be correlated with defaults...
 - percentage of loans by zip that were rejected recently
 - percentage of loans that are rejected each calendar month
 - recent change in rejection rate by zip

Look for IRS data on percentage of income given to charity, and add as zip3 feature.
-- no relationship at all between charity and defaults.


